It may seem a bit simple, but because
of the Santanderean culture...
We have been told that men don't cry
But... I cried a lot, Ok?
Because... loneliness (tearful)
and the situations I faced were very strong.
And nothing was built, at least administratively.
First days my mom and brother accompanied me,
They were days of cleaning, accommodating things,
The weather hit me hard...
I came from a calm climate, where the temperature
maximum is about 30 degrees and that is considered heat.
To suffer in January, February, when here
temperatures sometimes reach 42 to 45 degrees.
Accustomed to seeing rain every day
and here the first days don't rain
Even that was hard for me, it was very hard
Time ago accustomed to celebrate the Eucharist with a full temple
with great crowd participation, regardless of what it was